backend/utils-build/buildStagingImage/README.md, before:

# Build a required Docker image to be used in the staging process to build the application image

This is required to provide a Docker image containing node & puppeteer that can be used as a cloudbuilder in a GCP Build cloudbuild.yaml build step.  Puppeteer is required to run the client-side backend unit tests which use Chrome and it requires specific libraries that are not in the standard Node cloudbuilder images.

## Instructions

1. Open the GCP GDK console.
2. Change to this directory which hosts the cloudbuild.yaml and Dockerfiles.
3. Type: gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml .

This should push a Docker image to the project-perform Docker registry named 'gcr.io/project-perform/node12.13.0-with-puppeteer'.

This image is now available to be used as a custom cloudbuilder in a build step in a cloudbuild.yaml file.

You only need to rebuild this image if the version of Node to be used changes. In that case you will need to rebuild the image and change the reference in the cloudbuild.yaml files that use it.

Commit message:

gcloud clean up with 100% test

backend/utils-build/buildStagingImage/README.md, after:

# Build a Docker image containing Node and Puppeteer to be used for unit and e2e tests during a cloud build

This is required to provide a Docker image containing node & puppeteer that can be used as the basis of an application build used during cloudbuild for unit and e2e testing..  Puppeteer is required for tests which use Chrome headless and it requires specific libraries that are not in the standard Node images.

This image is used in a Dockerfile (in the root directory) that builds the actual application.  The Dockerfile is built against in the main cloudbuild.yaml file and the resulting application is pushed to the GCP registry and used in a few cloudbuild steps.

## Instructions

### Summary

You run a gcloud build command which runs a local cloudbuild.yaml file, which in turn calls Docker to build using a local Dockerfile.  The resulting image is pushed to the project GCP Registry.

1. Open the GCP GDK console.
2. Change to this directory (which hosts the required cloudbuild.yaml and Dockerfile files).
3. Type: gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml .

This should push a Docker image to the project-perform Docker registry named 'gcr.io/project-perform/node-with-puppeteer' and add the tags ':latest, and also a tag containing the node version used.

This image is now available to be used in a Dockerfile build step.

Note:
The node version used should correspond to the node version used in the production GCP environment so the testing closely matches the production environment.
At 26-Apr-20 the node version used in GCP App Engine Standard environment was node 12.13.0.

You only need to rebuild this image if the version of Node has to to be changed (because the production environment has moved to a new version). In that case you will need to edit the Dockerfile to pull the right base node image and rebuild the image.  You also need to update the local cloudbuild.yaml file to change the version tag to denote the new node version.  The Dockerfile that actually uses the built image uses the 'latest' tag and therefore does not need to be edited.
